name = SCANcontroller
scene = 7, 5, 8
storageUpgraded = True
mainMapVisible = False
mainMapColor = True
mainMapTerminator = False
mainMapBiome = False
mainMapMinimized = False
bigMapVisible = False
bigMapColor = True
bigMapTerminator = False
bigMapGrid = True
bigMapOrbit = True
bigMapWaypoint = True
bigMapAnomaly = True
bigMapFlag = True
bigMapLegend = True
bigMapResourceOn = True
bigMapProjection = Rectangular
bigMapType = Altimetry
bigMapResource = Ore
bigMapBody = Mun
zoomMapVesselLock = False
zoomMapColor = True
zoomMapTerminator = False
zoomMapOrbit = True
zoomMapIcons = True
zoomMapLegend = True
zoomMapResourceOn = True
zoomMapType = Altimetry
zoomMapResource = Ore
zoomMapState = 0
zoomMapRefresh = 0
zoomMapZoomPersist = False
zoomMapZoom = 8
overlaySelection = 0
overlayResource = Ore